ADR Tools
============

(c) 2011 - Andrew D. Regner <andrew@aregner.com>

WHAT IS THIS
------------

    This is mostly intended as a collection of scripts, configurations, 
    utilities, libraries, etc. that I have developed or gathered over time.  
    There is not necessarly any unifying purpose or connection between any two 
    of them other then they make my life easier.  Some things contained herein 
    are however dependent or related to other things.  To know what's what, 
    you will just have to either ask me or figure it out yourself.

    The "adrtools" framework around it is something I developed to make 
    distributing and updating all of this easier, no matter what UNIX-like 
    system I am on.  The intention is that I can log into a system for the 
    first time, pull down this repository, and run init.sh to make that system 
    a home.  That's all there (should be) to it.  Updates are from then on 
    applied automatically as the repo itself is updated.  In the near-future, 
    there will be the ability to specify what "types" of things should be 
    brought down and installed into the target system.  For example, 
    configurations and utilities related to playing media files should not be 
    installed in a server-type environment.  Or, if I am just a guest on 
    someone else's system, only the things relating to my personal environment 
    should be installed, and not root-level changes, as I wouldn't have root on 
    that system.  The framework already has the ability to update private data 
    (not contained in the public repository) for the purpose of syncing GPG and 
    SSH keys installed in my home directory.

    I make this all public simply for the purpose of maybe possiably someday 
    helping someone that is interested in one or more of the little tools or 
    configurations I use.  It is first and foremost, for my personal use.


LICENSE
-------

    Unless otherwise noted, everything in here is made avaliable under the
    terms of the GNU GPL v2 (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).
